join the millions of people who are
using our award-winning Splashtop app to
remotely access their PCs and Macs with
full audio and video all from their
mobile device as if they're sitting
right in front of it just bring your
tablet or smartphone and have any
document photo video or song you want at
your fingertips no waiting for files to
upload
no transferring files on top of that
Splashtop to our next-generation remote
desktop app is even faster more secure
and easier to use why should you use
Splashtop - here are five great reasons
reason number one easy to use interface
Splashtop - has been redesigned making
it even simpler to use
no more configuring security codes
Google accounts port numbers or IP
addresses just log in and connect reason
number two optimize for new hardware
Splashtop - supports the latest
technologies from our hardware partners
to stream video at up to 30 frames per
second great graphics
reason number three supercharged
Network performance when you purchase
Splashtop 2's in app and you are access
pack you'll be able to securely connect
to your computer from anywhere in the
world and you'll get the added benefit
of self optimizing technology that
adapts to the conditions of your network
take full advantage of the band width of
your 3G network or internet connection
reason number four enhanced security
Splashtop - with anywhere access pack
uses the same encryption algorithms and
technologies as the biggest banks in the
world rest assured that your data will
be transmitted securely whenever and
wherever you connect reason number five
support for multiple devices with
Splashtop 2's anywhere access pack you
can use the same user account for
multiple Splashtop enabled devices to
connect to your Mac or PC anytime
anywhere any device get Splashtop 2 on
Google Play today
you